Mr. Fan had an accident and came with his mother
Grandma
Hello, the old lady will be a family soon
You're welcome.
Ah, my wife is here, it's not poor
What are you still doing?
Omori Chuchu
Hey, what are you doing?
He has always liked you
He admires you. He wants to be a girl like you.
Yes, yes, yes.
Miss Chu Chu, I have always admired you very much
Then hug me quickly
It doesn't work like that.
OK
Uh secretary su
I have something to tell you.
Just relax.
Your wife is so pretty
That's not true, and you don't look at whose eyes it is.
Okay, okay, okay, stop making trouble
I'll take you to a fun place today, really?
If you go, you will know, Wang Zitao.
Hmph, Mr. Fan
Mr. Fan, what's wrong with you?
Mr. Fan, I'm here to attend your wedding, Mr. Fan
You are strong, Mr. Fan
Mr. Fan, Mr. Fan, Mr. Fan
Today is your engagement ceremony
engagement ceremony